And so I kind of alluded to before,
Lax is probably the best
balance because you can send links and
stuff along those lines.
But strict, obviously, if you can get
away with it, sure, yeah, do that.
But you probably can't for a lot of cases.
But if you're working on developer tool, I
don't know, some Someone sends you a link,
maybe it's fair to make you log in again,
but if you are a social media bar store,
that's not okay?
And so it all depends on the use case.
And this is that balance between
the trade offs, between UX and
security sometimes, which is if
your site is inhospitable to use.
You don't really need to worry about
security that much because you only got no
users, generally speaking,
as far as we're concerned.
This is the law of the land.
But I worry about, particularly people
who have older machines that
maybe don't get updates.
And so you're not totally out of
the woods there, but generally speaking,
you can hope but you ideally have
analytics on the browser usage.
If you see 100% that everything's
above this, then sure,
you can hope for
the same site lax as the default.
You can also set it as Lax when you
set the cookie, or strict as well.
But if it's a giant microservice
architecture, stuff is going around,
you have this whole legacy thing,
and maybe it's It's hard to do,
to set it, but generally speaking,
this is the kind of timeline there.
There's one exception which
people have taken advantage of,
which we'll call the two-minute rule,
which is effectively OAuth,
when there's that kind of back and
forth dance between different origins to
set the cooking and
stuff along those lines.
If you're not setting explicitly,
there's a two-minute window
where it's not such that lack
security can be none in that case.
But that's a very tiny window for
an attack, especially when we're talking
about CSRF, which means in the time
that you've just logged in,
you would then need to make it
to the nefarious site, right?
That's not to ruin the end of
the first Star Wars movie, but
it is unlikely that charge is
getting into the Death Star.
But yeah, to be clear, if I needed
to further hone my point of you
should still do the protections we're
gonna see, here's an appeal to that point.
Cool, so we'll do this in a second,
same site, cookies.
We will definitely again, Lax is the
default, but it doesn't hurt to set it.
And then we saw before,
which is if the issue is that we need some
amount of unpredictability,
we can just put unpredictable.
Ability into our form,
that you need to know some special
thing that only the user would know.
Because again, they're not in your app,
they're somewhere else.
If theoretically, don't have any
kind of weird token that you made.
Kind of when we saw the signing the cookie
before, they don't have that available.
You can can leak it and there are easy
ways to do that which you'll see as well.
But generally speaking,
some of these will work.
But we're gonna focus on the first one.
The referrer-based validation is
tracking the referrer header, but
you can spoof that it's not hard.